fix: docs enumerate tenant and user configs with auth_query (#201)
supabase/supavisor: docs/configuration/tenants.md

All configuration options for a tenant are stored on the `tenant` record in the metadata database used by Supavisor.

A `tenant` is looked via the `external_id` discovered in the incoming client connection.

All `tenant` fields and their types are defined in the `Supavisor.Tenants.Tenant` module.

## Field Descriptions

`db_host` - the hostname of the server to connect to

`db_port` - the port of the server to connect to

`db_database` - the database of the Postgres instance

`external_id` - an id used in an external system used to lookup a tenant

`default_parameter_status` - the default initial connection parameters to use

`ip_version` - the ip address type of the connection to the database server

> `upstream_ssl` - the ssl certificate to use when connecting to the database server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`upstream_ssl` - enforce an SSL connection on the tenant's database
```

`upstream_verify` - how to verify the ssl certificate

`upstream_tls_ca` - the ca certificate to use when connecting to the database server

`enforce_ssl` - enforce an SSL connection on client connections

> `require_user` - require at least one `user` is created for a tenant

Reviewer: Required stored `users` with a pair of a username and password. As an opposite, only one user can be stored, through which the auth_query will be executed

> `require_user` - require at least one `user` is created for a tenant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`require_user` - Required stored users with a pair of a username and password. As an opposite, only one user can be stored, through which the auth_query will be executed
```

`auth_query` - the query to use when matching credential agains a client connection

`default_pool_size` - the default size of the database pool

> `sni_hostname` - the hostname expected on an SSL client connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sni_hostname` - can be used to match a connection to a specific tenant record
```
